long overdue wrap-up of the kegerator
bills the kegerators work great really
really pleased with something I should
have built a long time ago you know went
with the mini-fridge because it fits up
here in the kitchen really nice it let
me see the two kegs but it's not it's
not bad I mean I'm getting greedy
wanting more than this now simple Dambi
mini fridge that the kegs will fit in
you can fit the five-pound cylinder with
a regulator in there I chose not to go
that route I just drilled a hole down
through the bottom and ran my gas lines
in over to the cupboard that you see you
know you can see there ran those in
their twin regulator setup - I got two
cylinders a five pounder and a 10
pounder I mean you know go with whatever
you can afford I guess you know the more
gas really the better you have on hand
I like the idea having one runs out I
got another one in there to swap in
there is why I went with the two so low
I mean yeah and the read the update part
is I finally got around to cooling the
tower so I'll quickly cut and show you
how I managed to do that I mean so easy
you should have done a long time ago but
like everything it's easy to put this
kind of off started by taking down
the cover for the light I thought that'd
be a good mounting place for a small
computer fan pirated well as an old
computer don't use anymore took a small
computer fan out of it and just zip tied
it to the cover no rocket science
involved in this build I just wanted to
get air flow up through the tower so 12
volt fan small fan so I wanted to run it
at full 12 volts found that old power
supply cut off the leads and matched up
the polarity there you go you hold it up
or well mount it back in place and you
can see it lines up really nice with the
tower and we'll have another look here
from from down below you can just see
kind of the fan down
they're looking through the tower the
st. you clean up the wiring just right
handle random them on the top of the
sides and smooth the down with some duct
tape down through the hole where the gas
lines go out and plug it in easy as that
as simple as it is it works an absolute
treat it's a little bit buzzy because
it's such a small fan you have a few
options on that really you can you can
lower the voltage to these fans now I
wouldn't do that with the little fan
that I use but if you want to do install
a bigger fan you could certainly try a
bigger fan and then run you know a
smaller voltage to the fan to slow it
down you can rubber isolate it you could
be a little fancier than my two zip ties
and isolate it and the other thing and
you know Cheers the Brad hookah NC from
wild boys brewery for this one is he
just put in a simple timer so then the
fan doesn't have to run all the time
either is one another thing you can do
with it but that is it that is the
kegerator as much as this one now this
one is going to stay in operation here
but I do have some plans and those plans
include doing something with that guy
right there pick up an STC 1000 and it
can be fermentation fridge Kizer and
anything in between cheers guys thanks
for watching
you